Code book for r0bis course project
======================================================
This code book explains the variables in the tidy data set 'tidydata.txt'.

Variables
------------------------------------------------------
Subject  - Person who participated in the experiment - identified by integer number 1 to 30
Activity - type of activity where measurement done
tBodyAccMeanX - mean value
tBodyAccMeanY - mean value
tBodyAccMeanZ - mean value
tBodyAccStdX - mean value
tBodyAccStdY - mean value
tBodyAccStdZ - mean value
tGravityAccMeanX - mean value
tGravityAccMeanY - mean value
tGravityAccMeanZ - mean value
tGravityAccStdX - mean value
tGravityAccStdY - mean value
tGravityAccStdZ - mean value
tBodyAccJerkMeanX - mean value
tBodyAccJerkMeanY - mean value
tBodyAccJerkMeanZ - mean value
tBodyAccJerkStdX - mean value
tBodyAccJerkStdY - mean value
tBodyAccJerkStdZ - mean value
tBodyGyroMeanX - mean value
tBodyGyroMeanY - mean value
tBodyGyroMeanZ - mean value
tBodyGyroStdX - mean value
tBodyGyroStdY - mean value
tBodyGyroStdZ - mean value
tBodyGyroJerkMeanX - mean value
tBodyGyroJerkMeanY - mean value
tBodyGyroJerkMeanZ - mean value
tBodyGyroJerkStdX - mean value
tBodyGyroJerkStdY - mean value
tBodyGyroJerkStdZ - mean value
tBodyAccMagMean - mean value
tBodyAccMagStd - mean value
tGravityAccMagMean - mean value
tGravityAccMagStd - mean value
tBodyAccJerkMagMean - mean value
tBodyAccJerkMagStd - mean value
tBodyGyroMagMean - mean value
tBodyGyroMagStd - mean value
tBodyGyroJerkMagMean - mean value
tBodyGyroJerkMagStd - mean value
fBodyAccMeanX - mean value
fBodyAccMeanY - mean value
fBodyAccMeanZ - mean value
fBodyAccStdX - mean value
fBodyAccStdY - mean value
fBodyAccStdZ - mean value
fBodyAccJerkMeanX - mean value
fBodyAccJerkMeanY - mean value
fBodyAccJerkMeanZ - mean value
fBodyAccJerkStdX - mean value
fBodyAccJerkStdY - mean value
fBodyAccJerkStdZ - mean value
fBodyGyroMeanX - mean value
fBodyGyroMeanY - mean value
fBodyGyroMeanZ - mean value
fBodyGyroStdX - mean value
fBodyGyroStdY - mean value
fBodyGyroStdZ - mean value
fBodyAccMagMean - mean value
fBodyAccMagStd - mean value
fBodyBodyAccJerkMagMean - mean value
fBodyBodyAccJerkMagStd - mean value
fBodyBodyGyroMagMean - mean value
fBodyBodyGyroMagStd - mean value
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMagMean - mean value
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMagStd - mean value
